Originally at http://support.toastmastersclubs.org/doc/item/officer-changeover-checklist


Officer Changeover Checklist

   This is intended to assist you in updating your website appropriately
   at the end of officers' terms when you are switching to new officers.

   Some things to review in your FreeToastHost website when switching to
   new officers:
    1. If you are using a custom domain, it is a good time to review your
       expiration date for your custom domain.  You can check this for
       your custom domain using [30]http://www.whois.com/ .  If your
       custom domain will be expiring in the next officer term, it is a
       good idea to give your incoming treasurer a heads up in advance
       about any renewal cost that they should expect during their term.
    2. Try to get member photos and completed bios for all of your
       incoming club officers.  Get their permission to make their
       profiles public so that they show up on the Meet Our Members page.
    3. Review your home page and custom web pages to identify anywhere
       that your current officers are identified, as you will likely want
       to update those pages to reflect the new officers.  A simple
       approach to doing this is just to make a copy of the current pages
       as custom web pages and set them as unlisted so that you can work
       on the updates without having to show them right away.
    4. Review your Access Settings as the incoming officers may want to do
       things differently with regards to admin console access for your
       website.
    5. You will need to update the officer settings in Membership
       Management.  If you want to save your current officers to a
       "formerofficers" group or your new officers to a "newofficers"
       group, you can do that by making a custom group.
    6. Make sure that the new officers understand the implications of the
       club email reply settings.  For example, if your officer email
       reply settings are set to Reply All, make sure the new officers
       understand that if they reply to those emails, the replies go to
       all officers and the sender.
    7. Make sure that the new officers understand that, by default, they
       are assigned publically accessible officer email addresses
       ("aliases") that forward to their real email addresses.  If the new
       officers ever get spammed at these email addresses, the email
       addresses can be disabled or the sender of the spam can be
       blacklisted.  Lastly, make sure that officers understand that they
       can publish their officer email address instead of their personal
       email address.
    8. Determine who will be the club contacts for the new officer term.
       If your club has chosen to just make the contacts associated with
       specific officer roles (easier) you may not need to do anything
       with this, but if your contacts are specific members, you will
       likely need to update them in Email and Contact Forms (Contact Us
       Form tab).
    9. Determine who will be your mentoring contact for the new officer
       term (your VPE?), and set that on the Mentoring Form tab in Email
       and Contact Forms.
   10. If you are using the FreeToastHost agendas, you will probably want
       to verify who will want to get Role Change Notifications during the
       next officer term.  For example, your club president may not want
       to receive those notifications.  The Role Change Notifications are
       set up in the Meeting Agenda Settings module.
   11. Be prepared to go over the functionality of different admin console
       functions for any incoming officers that will be using the admin
       console.

   Historically, officer changeover has been associated with some
   confusion about how to modify website settings to reflect the new
   officers.  Hopefully, the above checklist will help make this
   changeover go a bit smoother.  Please let us know if we have forgotten
   anything in the above list.
